Dynatrace connector (#2091)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/7_Connectors/Monitoring-and-Logging-Systems/connect-to-monitoring-and-logging-systems.md

3.  Click **Save and Continue**.
4.  Once the Test Connection succeeds, click **Finish**. Datadog is listed under the list of Connectors.

### Add Dynatrace

1.	Open a Harness Project, and then under **Project Setup**, select **Connectors** > **+ New Connector**.

2.	Under **Monitoring and Logging Systems**, select **Dynatrace**.

> 3.	In the dialog that appears, in the **Overview** tab, enter a name for the connector, an optional description, and a tag, and then select **Continue**.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.	In the dialog that appears, in the **Overview** tab, enter a name for the connector, an optional description, and a tag, and then select **Continue**.    
```

If you are going to use multiple providers of the same type, ensure you give each provider a different name.

> 4.	In the **Credentials** tab, enter the URL of your Dynatrace account.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.	In the **Credentials** tab, enter the URL of your Dynatrace account.  
```

> Using HTTPS is mandatory for establishing connections with Dynatrace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use HTTPS to establishing connections with Dynatrace.
```

> 5.	Select the **API Token field** > **+ New Secret Text**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.	Select the **API Token field** > **+ New Secret Text**.
```

> 6.	In the Add New Encrypted Text dialog, select a secret manager, and then enter a name for the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.	In the Add New Encrypted Text dialog, select a secret manager, and then enter a name for the secret.
```

> 7.	In the **Secret Value** field, enter the API token generated in Dynatrace. If you don’t have one, follow these steps to create an API token in Dynatrace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.	In the **Secret Value** field, enter the API token generated in Dynatrace. If you don’t have one, follow these steps to create an API token in Dynatrace:
```

      1. Log into your Dynatrace environment.
      2. In the Dynatrace menu, select **Access tokens** > Select **Generate new token**.
      3. Enter a name for your token.

>       4. Be sure to provide a meaningful name for each token you generate. Proper naming helps you to efficiently manage your tokens and perhaps delete them when they're no longer needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      4. Be sure to provide a meaningful name for each token you generate. Proper naming helps you efficiently manage your tokens and delete them when they're no longer needed.
```

      5. Select the following scopes: **Read metrics**, **Read entities**, and **Read events**.
      6. Select **Generate token**.
      7. Copy the generated token to the clipboard. Store the token in a password manager for future use. You can only access your token once upon creation. You can't reveal it afterward.

      For more information on generating Dynatrace API tokens, go to [Dynatrace API - Tokens and authentication](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/basics/dynatrace-api-authentication).

8.	Select **Save**.

9.	In the Create or Select an Existing Secret dialog, select the Dynatrace secret that you added, and then select **Apply Selected**.

11.  Select **Next**.

12.  In the **Delegates Setup** tab, choose one of the following:

   - **Use any available Delegate**: Harness automatically assigns an available delegate.
  

>    - **Only use Delegates with all of the following tags**: You can enter tags to ensure that Harness selects only the Delegates that have been assigned those specific tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Only use Delegates with all of the following tags**: You can enter tags to ensure that Harness selects only the delegates that have been assigned those specific tags.
```
